Port MASTG-TEST-0089 to v2: Testing Anti-Debugging Detection (ios) (by @Vulnit) (#3907)
OWASP/mastg: knowledge/ios/MASVS-RESILIENCE/MASTG-KNOW-0085.md

```c
int mib[] = {CTL_KERN, KERN_PROC, KERN_PROC_PID, getpid()};
struct kinfo_proc info;
size_t size = sizeof(info);

memset(&info, 0, sizeof(info));
sysctl(mib, 4, &info, &size, NULL, 0);

bool debugger_present = (info.kp_proc.p_flag & P_TRACED) != 0;
```

## Using getppid

Some implementations inspect the parent process ID with `getppid`. iOS apps are normally launched by system launch services, historically through `launchd` with PID 1. When a debugger launches or controls the app, the observed parent process can differ from the expected launcher process. This makes parent-process checks a possible reactive signal.

```c
pid_t parent_pid = getppid();
bool unexpected_parent = parent_pid != 1;
```

## Using Mach Exception Ports

Debuggers need to receive process events such as breakpoints and single-step exceptions. On Darwin-based systems, these events are delivered through Mach exception ports. An app can query its own registered exception ports with `task_get_exception_ports` and inspect whether a port is registered for breakpoint-related exceptions, for example with `EXC_MASK_BREAKPOINT`.

> A non-null exception port returned for `EXC_MASK_BREAKPOINT` can indicate that debugger infrastructure such as LLDB and `debugserver` is attached to the process. Treat this as a supporting signal rather than standalone proof. Other instrumentation can interact with Mach exception ports, and an attacker can bypass this check by hooking `task_get_exception_ports`, changing the returned values, or running the check before attaching the debugger.

Reviewer: let's make it descriptive instead of prescriptive 
```suggestion
A non-null exception port returned for `EXC_MASK_BREAKPOINT` can indicate that debugger infrastructure such as LLDB and `debugserver` is attached to the process. A breakpoint exception port is a supporting signal rather than standalone proof, since other instrumentation can also interact with Mach exception ports, and an attacker can bypass this check by hooking `task_get_exception_ports`, changing the returned values, or running the check before attaching the debugger.
```
